hey everybody thanks for stopping in I
think I'll give the toaster oven a rest
today and cook some beer brats but I
don't think I'll do them on my grill I
think I was just doing on my stovetop so
let's get started so here's what I have
these Big Bang beer bratwursts New York
style sausage company made in California
so those nice fresh bratwurst and I'm
just going to get those browning up and
my cast iron skillet here and then we'll
put some beer in there with those and
while those are cooking I'm going to cut
up some of this sweet onion these little
sweet peppers they look like habanero
peppers I should tell you they're
habaneros then you'll think I'm tough
and a neighbor brought over a couple
little zucchinis so I'm going to put a
zucchini in there too just to be
different all right my bratwursts are
browning up here and I got my peppers
onions and zucchini cut up you're
probably thinking who put zucchini on
top of bratwurst well hey just thought
it'd be different ok we'll flip these
babies over they're getting kind of
browned up maybe almost a little too
Brown hard to cook and run the camera
and do everything and not hit stuff over
done once in a while so soon as those
are a little more brown we'll add the
beer to that and those are cooking at a
low heat so we'll just let those sauté
okay we're looking good here I added a
little bit of olive oil to the
veggies from the socks taken now I'm
just going to add a beer this is steel
reserve I know a lot of people use
German beer on these but steel reserves
what I usually drink me and the homeless
guys and I'll be sure that the pan is
picked up when I'm done you you people
will get that one alright just let those
simmer a little bit I got to tell you
guys these sure smell good simmering
away in that beer they've been in there
for about 20 minutes or so not quite as
brown on the underside but uh wow they
smell really good so I think my veggies
are about done their thing called get
one of these on a bun and give it a try
man I cut into one of these to try it
and juice squirted out all over the
place almost burned myself so maybe I
should have poked a few holes in them
but they sure are good I've cooked
bratwurst before but I don't think I've
done it in beer like this but man it
sure is good let me have a bite of this
one here if I can do it without burning
myself
that really has a lot of flavor I don't
think I've done them in beer before but
I think I'm going to do them in beer
again because they sure are good thanks
for watching you guys and I'll talk to
you next time